First CoC commit (#4)
ChristopherBiscardi/party-corgi: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

* Gratuitous or off-topic sexual images or behavior in spaces where they're not appropriate.
* Physical contact and simulated physical contact (eg, textual descriptions like "hug" or "backrub") without consent or after a request to stop.
* Threats of violence.
* Incitement of violence towards any individual or group, including encouraging a person to commit suicide or to engage in self-harm.
* Deliberate intimidation.
* Stalking or following - online or in the physical world.
* Harassing photography or recording, including logging online activity for harassment purposes.
* Sustained disruption of discussion.
* Unwelcome sexual attention.
* Patterns of inappropriate social contact, such as requesting/assuming inappropriate levels of intimacy with others.
* Continued one-on-one communication after requests to cease.
* Deliberate "outing" of any aspect of a person's identity without their consent except as necessary to protect vulnerable people from intentional abuse.
* Publication of non-harassing private communication.
* Jokes that resemble the above, such as "hipster racism", still count as harassment even if meant satirically or ironically.

> 

Reviewer: Do we want to somehow explicitly call out the class of behaviors that normalize racist/sexist/other actions like the "Make X Great Again" ? It's pretty close to the "Jokes that resemble the above", but may be worth some explicit mentioning somehow.

Author: If we can find a way to better represent it, then yeah I'm very open to calling this out more specifically. Right now, I think this falls under the "Jokes that resemble the above" category.

If you have questions or concerns about these issues please feel free to message an admin or ask for an opportunity to explore the issue with a moderator and volunteers.

## Reporting

> If you are being harassed by a member of our community, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact the administrators via [INSERT APPROPRIATE CONTACT METHOD HERE]. If the person who is harassing you is on the admin team, they will not be involved in handling or resolving the incident.

Reviewer: Need to replace [INSERT APPROPRIATE CONTACT METHOD HERE] with the actual approved contact method. 

For now, probably like "via a direct message or tag, or by email at [moderator-email-address]".

Author: Yep, in the process of setting up some mod mail accounts

> If you are being harassed by a member of our community, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact the administrators via [INSERT APPROPRIATE CONTACT METHOD HERE]. If the person who is harassing you is on the admin team, they will not be involved in handling or resolving the incident.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are being harassed by a member of our community, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact the administrators via mods@partycorgi.com. If the person who is harassing you is on the admin team, they will not be involved in handling or resolving the incident.
```

> The admin team will respond to any complaint as promptly as possible we can. If you do not get a timely response (for example, if no admins are currently online) then please put your personal safety and well-being first, and consider logging out and/or contacting the admins by email at [EMAIL ADDRESS HERE].

Author: ```suggestion
The admin team will respond to any complaint as promptly as possible we can. If you do not get a timely response (for example, if no admins are currently online) then please put your personal safety and well-being first, and consider logging out and/or contacting the admins by email at mods@partycorgi.com.
```
